FISH-10576 Document Security Connectors (Payara6) (#564)
payara/Payara-Documentation: community/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Security/Security Fix List.adoc

|=======================================================================
|ID |link:https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss[CVSS Score] |Status |Summary |Release |Pull Requests |Observations

> |https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-57699[CVE-2024-57699] | 7.5 | FIXED | A security issue was found in Netplex Json-smart 2.5.0 through 2.5.1. When loading a specially crafted JSON input, containing a large number of ’{’, a stack exhaustion can be trigger, which could allow an attacker to cause a Denial of Service (DoS). This issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2023-1370. | 6.24.0 | https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/7239[#7239] | Fixed by upgrading Json-Smart in Payara Server and in the Payara Security Connectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-57699[CVE-2024-57699] | 7.5 | FIXED | A security issue was found in Netplex Json-smart 2.5.0 through 2.5.1. When loading a specially crafted JSON input, containing a large number of ’{’, a stack exhaustion can be trigger, which could allow an attacker to cause a Denial of Service (DoS). This issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2023-1370. | 6.2025.3 | https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/7239[#7239] | Fixed by upgrading Json-Smart in Payara Server and in the Payara Security Connectors
```
